Dayna hello this is Marco and finance
manager at Spartan Lincoln Mercury and
McDonough Georgia CEO to South Atlanta
this is the 2011 Club minute you've been
asking them questions about and this is
Joe Bryant our general sales manager
who's going to go over the features of
the car with you
hi dad this is the 2011 Mini Cooper
Oldman gasp Oh God 7800 miles Laurence
MVO or what seven thousand eight hundred
and nineteen Wow
land sign of it you were asking a couple
of questions just want to show you the -
here take a look at that
now in here Dana you'll notice that
you've got some USB auxiliary inputs
that are right here up here it's got a
moon roof on it moon roof opens up wide
it's actually got a dual panel moonroof
the back as well which will vent what's
nice about this is it's got this cover
here so it allows you to be able to get
that air flow in from the moonroof but
it doesn't give you all of the sunshine
that comes in it's nice while you're
driving keeps you comfortable
tell leather interior the words open up
wide here see here these doors open up
wide on the side to the back of it it's
got the club doors on it open up like
barn doors to here you've got a cargo
cover so that you can cover up your
merchandise if you decide that you want
to put something in there it'll roll
back if you want to put something that's
that's a little bit taller than what you
what you have room there for I hope this
answers a lot of your questions if there
are any other questions feel free to
call more call me I'm Joe seven seven
zero nine five seven two four nine seven
or simply just email more um Owen at
Spartan lincoln-mercury comm I'm sure to
appreciate your business we'll talk to
you soon thanks bye bye